refactor: Move some types (not yet exposed to clients) into internal_types (#1015)
influxdata/influxdb_iox: internal_types/README.md

# Internal Types

This crate contains InfluxDB IOx "internal" types which are shared
across crates and internally between IOx instances, but not exposed
externally to clients

> *Internal* in this case means that changing the structs is designed not to require addiitonal coordiation / organization with clients.

Reviewer: addiitional coordiation - the typos are multiplying!

Author: ```suggestion
*Internal* in this case means that changing the structs is designed not to require additional coordination / organization with clients.
```
